Adjust Keda docs according to the documentation requirements (#156)
kyma-project/keda-manager: docs/user/01-20-configuration.md

# Keda configuration

This document describes how to configure the Keda module using Kyma CustomResourceDefinition (CRD).
See how to configure the **logging.level** or resource consumption.

To change the logging level, choose one of the accepted values: `debug`, `info`, or `error`. For example:

   ```yaml
   spec:
     logging:
       operator:
         level: "debug"
   ```

> Change the operator and metricServer resource consumption using the preferable values. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the operator and metricServer resource consumption using your preferred values. For example:
```
